h1. Citygate

Simple authentication and user management Engine.

h2. More Information

Citygate is a Mountable Engine that provides user model with sign up and log in, admin backend for managing users and a simple comunication system.

h2. Required Gems

This application requires this gems:

* "rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rails

h2. Dependencies

To use this application, you will need:

* The Ruby language (1.9.2 or higher)
* Rails (version 3.0.4 or newer)

h2. Installing the Application

* Edit your Gemfile or gemspec to add a dependency on the citygate gem.
* <tt>bundle update</tt>
* <tt>rake citygate:install:migrations</tt>
* <tt>rake migrate</tt>
* Edit <tt>config/routes.rb</tt>, adding this line:
  mount Citygate::Engine => '/'
* Copy http://raw.github.com/plataformatec/devise/master/lib/generators/templates/devise.rb into <tt>config/initializers/devise.rb</tt> and edit it.

** Change <tt>config.mailer_sender</tt> to a valid address of yours.
  ** Change the ORM configuration line to
      require 'devise/orm/active_record'
    if you are using ActiveRecord as your ORM (Rails defaults to this)
    or
      require 'devise/orm/mongoid'
    if you are using Mongoid.
  ** Set the value for "config.pepper" to a *unique* value for your program.
    It *must* be unique, this value is used to chaff the encryption of
    passwords by your application. Security will be compromised if it's not
    unique or if it becomes *known to outsiders*.
    Generate the value by running this program once.
      require 'securerandom'
      print %Q(config.pepper = "#{SecureRandom.hex(64)}"\n)

** Edit one of your environment files, like <tt>config/application.rb</tt>, to add the
  URL info to be used in email messages to users from the user management
  system. While testing, this might be:
    config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'localhost:3000' }
  but it must be set to the correct external URL when your application is
  running for
  real users.
** Add <tt>authenticate_user!</tt> and other Devise helpers to your controllers
  as appropriate.



h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

* Report issues here[https://github.com/regedor/citygate/issues].

h2. Similar Projects

* https://github.com/zamith/AppStarter

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

All Group Buddies Team.

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
